Egypt when most people hear that word
they think
nananananananananananana
or walk like an Egyptian walk like an
Egyptian why do you think that because
they're uneducated in Egyptian culture
come with me today as we explore
let's get something straight the
Egyptians had thousands of God's some of
the most important work Thoth thought
they of the Egyptians the gift of
hieroglyphs ooh
best at best it was a protective goddess
and the daughter of raw m1 m1 was a very
powerful God he combined with rod to
become a menorah Horus Horus was the god
of the sky and king of earth well I'll
have to tell you myself
I'm Anubis god of embalming the dead huh
Hayek order pizza this is Osiris god of
the what I don't want anchovies that was
Osiris god of the dead and cell phones
come on
yep this is Gabe god of the earth and
brother to nut the sky goddess by Gabe
oh this is the almighty Sun God raah the
Egyptians believed he was swallowed each
night by the sky goddess nut
and was reborn every morning ah well
those gods are fun to have around oh
this happens all the time don't worry
when someone in ancient Egypt died their
kha or spirit would make a long and
dangerous journey to a place of
judgement where they ah oh excuse me
would be asked questions by many gods ah
don't even think about it then their
heart would be weighed against MA ox
feather of truth if they answered
honestly their heart would be either
equal to or lighter than the feather but
if the person did not answer honestly
their heart would sink with sin and a
crocodile headed line with the back end
of a hippo named omelette would eat the
dead person's heart and they would die
him die a second death thus if you let a
life free from sin you would pass into
the next life a life in a kingdom ruled
by Osiris now if you were gonna do all
this then you need a blue body right
that's why the Egyptians made mummies
how they made them well watch the story
of an ancient Egyptian named edema here
once was a boy named Dejima
he grew up got married got rich and died
only 5% of ancient Egyptian people were
mummified they were the wealthy ones and
a jima was very rich come on
his wife and child took him to some
priests paid them mourned and left to
mummify you first need to remove what
decays the fastest and that would be the
inner organs it was very disrespectful
to cut into another person's body so to
show the gods they were not happy with
this being done they would throw rocks
at the unlucky person who had to do it
then someone had to reach inside and
pull out all the inner organs except for
the heart which was left because it was
considered the center of intelligence
the brain was pulled out with the hook
and thrown away
next they covered the organs and body
with Natron a type of salt which would
drive the body out and after 40 days
you have a very dried-out body they put
the organs in canopic jars and let's see
the human headed God held the liver hate
me that baboon headed God held the lungs
canopic jars had gods heads on them down
will death the jackal-headed God held
the stomach
and weapons F the falcon-headed God held
the intestines
then they wrapped up a jima in linen
strips some of which had spells and
prayers written on them once they
finished each layer they painted on
resin between layers they put scarabs
and amulets that would spiritually
protect the body then they put a cloth
with a cyrus painted on the front over
the whole thing
then came the coffin which had a
portrait of a jima painted on it the
opening of the mouth ceremony allowed
the dead person to eat and drink again
then they then edema was put in a
mastaba along with his canopic jars
arrows were put in pyramids well I guess
that's it goodbye to see the boy